feat(*): Make the PBC vs. Foundation distinction clearer (#691)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/developers/bedrock/node-operator-guide.md

::: warning This guide is for bedrock
This guide is for the *bedrock* upgrade, which is coming in Q1, 2023, subject to approval by Optimism governance.

> Do not attempt to use this in production prior to that upgrade. Keep an eye on these docs or [this Twitter account](https://twitter.com/OPLabsPBC) for announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not attempt to use this in production prior to that upgrade. Keep an eye on these docs or [OP Lab's Twitter account](https://twitter.com/OPLabsPBC) for announcements.
```

> Do not attempt to use this in production prior to that upgrade. Keep an eye on these docs or [OP Lab's Twitter account](https://twitter.com/OPLabsPBC) for announcements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not attempt to use this in production prior to that upgrade. Keep an eye on these docs or [the OP Labs Twitter account](https://twitter.com/OPLabsPBC) for announcements.
```
